https://www.booking.com/reviews.en-gb.html::booking.com reviews - verified hotel reviews from real guests
 skip to main content cad choose your currency. your current currency is canadian dollar choose your language. your current language is english (uk) select your language suggested for you français english (us) 简体中文 español 한국어 all languages english (uk) english (us) deutsch nederlands français español español (ar) español (mx) català italiano português (pt) português (br) norsk suomi svenska dansk čeština magyar română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 polski ελληνικά русский türkçe български العربية 한국어 עברית latviski українська bahasa indonesia bahasa malaysia ภาษาไทย eesti hrvatski lietuvių slovenčina srpski slovenščina tiếng việt filipino íslenska get help with your reservation list your property register sign in stays flights flight + hotel car rentals attractions airport taxis destination reviews from real travellers how was your stay? how does it work? 1 it starts with a booking it starts with a booking the only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. that's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 followed by a trip followed by a trip when guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 and finally, a review and finally, a review after their trip, guests tell us about their stay. we check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. top countries united arab emirates wyndham dubai marina - “we arrive art the hotel for short two nights stay (definitely not enough). but from the start the experience in this hotel was something different in a good way. my 4yo kid was surprised with present and you know kids love presents, next was that we got free room upgrade to king suite so that we all stay together we also got kid crib, view from room at night is amazing, thank you louise. steve and his team made our suite bespoke clean and make sure that we don't miss anything in room. ahmed make sure that even when i tried my best to locked out myself from room (lost key card twice) to still have access. there is at least few people i don't know names or i forgot so i didn't mentioned them, i apologize. wyndham hotel was probably cherry on top for our dubai experience, will definitely stay again if i end up in dubai. thank you from me and my family, salih” australia ingenia holidays rivershore - “great location, loved our glamping experience, friendly staff, lovely well maintained facilities and plenty to do. sms messages about activities etc was great!” brazil pousada favela cantagalo - “the pousada (guesthouse) is located in the cantagalo community. staying there is a great way to safely explore this community, and understand how ,any working brazilians live. this is an experience that i strongly recommend. the owner (ligia) is a wonderful person will assist with advice, and her staff are likewise excellent. the pousada has an awesome view over the bay by copacabana and ipanema, a perfect way to enjoy the breakfast! both of the beaches are readily accessible on foot. the rooms are spotlessly clean, simply furnished, but the price is excellent value for money.” canada adorable private suite with indoor fire place - “this little suite is adorable and very comfortable and clean. elena, the host, is friendly and warm. we booked in cochrane rather than calgary to attend a weekend workshop in springbank, and the drive was short and scenic. we opted out of breakfast at the suite, but there was a lovely bowl of fresh fruit waiting for us, along with tea and coffee, a nice french press, and a microwave and apartment sized fridge. a nice touch in the bathroom was the host-family's homemade soaps.” germany ermmes ferienwohnungen - “easy to access the property and the owner replied to any issues quickly” spain pension-albergue don alvaro - “very friendly owners. a good sized room and great facilites.” france hôtel de l'abbaye - lyon - “perfect location. very friendly and helpful staff.” united kingdom the king's arms - “extremely welcoming, immaculately clean and always greeted with a smile. excellent value for money, and the best nights sleep you could ask for.” greece avaton hotel - “452 / 5 000 výsledky překladu the accommodation is located closest to the archaeological site of epidaros. the room is clean, spacious with a private bathroom. breakfast is included in the accommodation price and was very good. the owner is very pleasant and helpful.” indonesia hotel neo - kuta, jelantik - “amazing value for money” italy villa giovanna - “excellent location, great view, far from the hustle and bustle of the city. during the day, shuttles go to the city. laora is the best!!” japan cottage morinokokage - “beautiful location. close to major attractions. comfortable houses. owner arranged car rental without any issues. owner is very kind and speaks perfect english.” malaysia holiday inn express kuala lumpur city centre, an ihg hotel - “nice room, comfort bed. bathroom was so nice, got hairdryer is the best thing. parking is free.” netherlands hotel 74 - “great room, perfect staff, great super polite communication, i will be back soon” poland hotel pod wawelem - “amazing location of the hotel, close to all sightseeing spots, very pleasant and helpful staff at the reception” portugal alegria rooms - “the host is friendly, gives a lot of details on how to checkin , location, everything. very beautiful room.” russia menshicov boutique hotel - “hardworking kitchen lady’s delicious breakfasts, cleanliness, rooms, location,” thailand eastin grand hotel sathorn - sha extra plus - “i have been in that amazing hotel couple of times. my opinion that it's completely and absolutely best place to stay in bangkok. amazing staff and level of hospitality. great cusin and culinary cozy and very comfortable hotel. final point-strictly recommended.” turkey alan suites - unisite - “very good breakfast!!” united states red stone inn - “location was easy to get to as on the main street going through moab. liked there was laundry facilities available. room was quiet. staff was very nice and helpful.” recent reviews from cad 132 adorable private suite with indoor fire place cochrane, canada average review score: 7.8 positive section of review this little suite is adorable and very comfortable and clean. elena, the host, is friendly and warm. we booked in cochrane rather than calgary to attend a weekend workshop in springbank, and the drive was short and scenic. we opted out of breakfast at the suite, but there was a lovely bowl of fresh fruit waiting for us, along with tea and coffee, a nice french press, and a microwave and apartment sized fridge. a nice touch in the bathroom was the host-family's homemade soaps. negative section of review be careful with the walk alongside the main house to get to the entrance - it's a bit steep and quite dark at night. reviewed: 30 november 2022 stayed in november 2022 gallant canada from cad 139 the sylvia hotel vancouver, canada average review score: 8.5 positive section of review pleasant staff, they took moments out of their day to chit chat, so warm and welcoming. the tour i booked on my own prior to arrival was canceled, i was so disappointed. so i thought to ask the concierge on staff to check if a tour was still available somewhere. she got on the phone and had a tour arranged within 5 mins. now that is service, as we were only going to be in vancouver 1 day. just wow. your hotel was recommended by a fellow passenger. that speaks for itself. negative section of review there is everything love about this place. truely adorable. reviewed: 30 november 2022 stayed in november 2022 alice canada from cad 611 the hazelton hotel toronto, canada average review score: 9.3 positive section of review the servce provided was reallt excellent. the staff were professional and readily to assist when needed. location was also good as there wete eateries around the hotel. room size were big to accomodate 5 of us, very clean and modern. reviewed: 30 november 2022 stayed in november 2022 juliet singapore from cad 59 sandy's house vancouver, canada average review score: 6.6 positive section of review do not stay here!!! this was the most appalling/ vile accommodation i've ever stayed at. between our room being attempted to be robbed twice and my partners eye getting bit by a bed bug it's disgusting. negative section of review the host- rude unhelpful, does not live on site, called him about break ins and said "ring the police" never called to the residence to check or help. paid for tv, washing facilities- not allowed cook in kitchen as he has "too many guests" the dryer was "broken" and there was no tv. booked to stay for 2 weeks, had to leave after one, two towels for two people for a two week stay. window was covered in tinfoil and masking tape, the bar above the front door was the "wardrobe" and the stains on the underneath sheets of the bedding. please see photos below. oh and bugs lots!! reviewed: 30 november 2022 stayed in november 2022 kerri ireland from cad 81 hotel quartier des spectacles montréal, canada average review score: 6.8 positive section of review i left my thermometer in the room after check out. 2 hours later i returned and they had saved it for me. reviewed: 30 november 2022 stayed in november 2022 patrice france from cad 179 le square phillips hôtel & suites montréal, canada average review score: 8.8 positive section of review great location, clean and large rooms plus great valet service. breakfast had a nice selection for free negative section of review nothing reviewed: 30 november 2022 stayed in november 2022 roddyk2016 canada from cad 49 comfort inn fallsview niagara falls, canada average review score: 7 positive section of review clean, breakfast is good, friendly staff comfortable bed negative section of review bathroom small reviewed: 30 november 2022 stayed in november 2022 conely canada from cad 85 beautiful and spacious apartment brampton, canada average review score: 8.1 positive section of review clean and good value for money with a comfortable bed. negative section of review as it is a basement there is virtually no natural light and some of the fixtures are a bit tired and could do with replacing. reviewed: 30 november 2022 stayed in november 2022 virginia united kingdom from cad 119 meridian inn & suites regina airport regina, canada average review score: 8.5 positive section of review breakfast was fine. room was large and clean negative section of review the aesthetics of the building are very cold, antiseptic. the fan in our room was very noisy. we have never paid a damage deposit before and the charge for our small dog was $10 more than most places. reviewed: 30 november 2022 stayed in november 2022 barbara canada from cad 122 the business inn ottawa, canada average review score: 8.5 positive section of review i liked the room. negative section of review breakfast could be better. reviewed: 30 november 2022 stayed in november 2022 oluwafunmilola united kingdom save time, save money! sign up and we'll send the best deals to you enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals subscribe error: please enter a valid email address error: sorry. an error has occurred. thanks! we've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription list your property mobile version your account make changes to your booking online customer service help become an affiliate booking.com for business countries regions cities districts airports hotels places of interest homes apartments resorts villas hostels b&bs guest houses unique places to stay reviews unpacked: travel articles travel communities seasonal and holiday deals car hire flight finder restaurant reservations booking.com for travel agents coronavirus (covid-19) faqs about booking.com customer service help partner help careers sustainability press centre safety resource centre investor relations terms & conditions partner dispute how we work privacy & cookie statement msa statement corporate contact extranet login copyright © 1996–2022 booking.com™. all rights reserved. booking.com is part of booking holdings inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. start of dialog content verified reviews from real guests. we have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. how does it work? 1 it starts with a booking it starts with a booking the only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. that's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 followed by a trip followed by a trip when guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 and finally, a review and finally, a review after their trip, guests tell us about their stay. we check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. if you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. sign in and leave a review end of dialog content « » su mo tu we th fr sa close calendar please sign in to continue sign in to your account or use one of these options don't have an account yet? create your account 1588860,1638370,1625600,1628410,1638370|1
